== 0.1.1

* Features

  * Added support for attributes: read them by calling .attrs in the content of the element.
  * Added tag_name_suggested constraint type.
  * Refactored many classes, thus reading is easier.
  * Errors (by now just encoding errors) can be handled via the on_error callback, which returns [error_type, details] in such case.
  * Parser keeps working even if there are encoding errors.
  * Integrated with TravisCI for continuous integration.

* Bugfixes

  * Nested elements weren't being handled ok, specs for this were being added.
  * Fixed various bugs related with white spaces and lines.
  * Reading of compressed files was causing problems.
  * Not required tag_names now work in any depth level, no longer at last level only.

== 0.1.0
  * Added support for (possible) "content_values" on Bliss::Format.

== 0.0.9

* Features

  * Added on_timeout callback.
  * Introduced Bliss::Format, which linked to a Bliss::Parser are checked during parsing process. They are defined with a bunch of specs given as YAML.
  * added support for Gzip (content type is autodetected).
  * on_max_unhandled_bytes callback block. Which receives the amount of bytes and a block to execute when that limit is reached.
  * on_tag_close maybe used without a specific tag name, and block now handles "current depth" array.
  * Featuring changelog.

* Bugfixes

  * When XML is too small, it ended through http.callback block, and did not closed the file. That lead to errors and is fixed in this version.
